Next, you should be in the garden for a while until the return of the Prince.
Lord Genzo, you always have a red face even though it's cold.
I'm not drinking, so I'm red.
I don't drink, but I'm always red.
No, don't get angry.
Are you a shima-zu or a satsuma?
No, I'm a shima-osa.
No, you're wrong.
When you laugh, your face is a shima-ma.
I don't think your face is a shima-ma.
You're just a little kid.
Anyway, you're a bad boy.
You're a bad boy.
Next, you should be in the garden for a while until the return of the Prince.
Lord Genzo, you always have a red face even though it's cold.
You're in the dark sky.
You're waiting for someone to return.
The leaves are disappearing.
The winter is cold.
The mountains are getting thinner with the light.
The earth is crumbling.
The poor people are dying.
The sound of the bell is gone.
It's getting dark.
The Prince is not coming back yet.
Please wait a little longer.
What should I do?
I know you're a prince.
I'll give you a lot of snow.
Please wait a little longer.
The Prince is coming.
Wait a minute.
Please wait a little longer.
I'll give you a lot of snow.